Hi Martin!
Hope you had a good flight back to Milan.

These are the questions that were sent to be published on Social Media Networks. They do not depict values. Let me know if something better related to values is necessary.

Thank you!


Q.            Which of the following tales is not part of Brothers Grimm collection Children and Household Tales?

 

    Juniper Tree
    Little Red Cap
    The kingdom of Trees
    The Maiden without Hands

 

Q.            In Grimms's tale Little Red Cap, Little Red Riding Hood is taken aback by the wolf's:

    ears, mouth, hands, eyes
    mouth, hair; nose, eyes
    nose, mouth, hands, eyes
    ears, feet, hands, eyes

 

Q.            Do you know how many editions of Children and Household Tales Brothers Grimm revised and republished throughout their life?

    Three
    Seven (the first edition was publised in 1812, and the seventh and "definitive" one was published in 1857, just a 
    couple of years before Wilhelm's death)
    Five
    Two

 

 

Q.            Which of the following tales is not part of the Brothers Grimm collection Children and Household Tales?

    Cinderella
    Little Snow White
    The Little Mermaid (this is a literary tale by Hans Christian Andersen, originally published in Danish in 1837)
    Sleeping Beauty

 

 

Q.            Can you tell which Grimm tale this excerpt belongs to?
"If only I had a child as red as blood and as white as snow."

    Faithful Johannes
    Little Red Cap
    Snow White
    The Juniper Tree

 

Answer: It is common to find similar patterns across different tales. While in The Juniper Tree, a queen asks for a child by saying "If only I had a child as red as blood and as white as snow", in Snow White, the good queen says the following: "If only I had a child as white as snow, as red as blood, and as black as the wood in this frame."

 

Q.            In the Little Brier Rose tale, all Kingdom falls into a deep:

    well
    sleep
    spell
    hell

 

Q.            How many times does the evil Queen attempt to kill the Snow-White?

    3
    1
    5
    7

 

Q.            Do you know what year the first edition of Grimms’ Fairy Tales was published?

    1812
    1923
    1910
    1700

 

Q.            Do you know how many siblings the Grimm brothers, Jacob and Wilhelm had?

    None
    1
    7
    10


